# Implementation

## Dataset Description
* Web server logs contain Information on any event that was registered/logged.
* This contains a lot of insights on website visitors, behavior, crawlers accessing the site, business insights, security issues, and more
* 3.3GB of logs from an Iranian ecommerce website zanbil.ir.
* Number of records: 1 records
* The data is present in Text file.
* This data contain information such as host IP address, datetime, request, reply code, bytes, user agent
* Example:
	54.36.149.41 - - [22/Jan/2019:03:56:14 +0330] "GET /filter/27|13%20%D9%85%DA%AF%D8%A7%D9%BE%DB%8C%DA%A9%D8%B3%D9%84,27|%DA%A9%D9%85%D8%AA%D8%B1%20%D8%A7%D8%B2%205%20%D9%85%DA%AF%D8%A7%D9%BE%DB%8C%DA%A9%D8%B3%D9%84,p53 HTTP/1.1" 200 30577 "-" "Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; AhrefsBot/6.1; +http://ahrefs.com/robot/)" "-"

## Data Pre-processing
* This data contains information such as host IP address, datetime, request, reply code, bytes, user agent etc.
* The first field is the host IP address from where the request for the resource is generated.
* The Second field is the date and time data on which date and time the request was sent. this field is in DAY: MONTH: YEAR: HH:MM: SS
* The Third field is having multiple information such as method (GET, POST, PUT), the request of the file or content in encrypted in URL format, and the protocol used by the browser to send the request.
* The next field contain the response code which specify the the status of the request.
* Next field is the byte size of the resource requested by the user agent.
* The last field is the user agent, with the help of this data we can determine whether the request was generated by a mobile, windows or a Bot, also it has the the Compatibility of the browser like Mozilla/5.0 and in some case we also get the entire data of the mobile phone.

